hey what's up guys I'm Elizabeth and we
have a contest for you guys whoo no
honestly like we're seriously doing this
because we greatly appreciate how much
you guys have been supporting us it
means so much to us so many of you
subscribe so fast on YouTube you're
talking to us on Twitter Instagram
people who like aren't my family and
friends are giving support so we always
appreciate that so thank you so much
guys so we're giving you free stuff and
Aaron it's actually errands from his
personal collection so he's gonna let
you guys know what it is and tell you a
little bit about that but it's pretty
awesome what's up guys Aaron here and
I'm just going to show you guys what I'm
gonna be giving away and it is stuff for
my personal collection so how dare you
no I'm just kidding but hey to start you
guys are gonna get a faceless game it is
a game boy game and bassist games are
exciting you'll have to find out what it
is when you get it but it is a Ninja
Turtle style game because that is the
theme for today along with that a couple
sealed tops old Ninja Turtle collector
cards these are great these are cool to
have also follow the Foot Clan on the
Game Boy which is an amazing ultra game
so that is good ooh another ultra game
obviously a nes game teenage McNew
turtles the first one one of my
favorites even the second level the
water level that most people hate I love
and ready for the last one it's one I
don't even want to give away I don't
know why I'm doing this because I love
you guys is hyperstone heist by Konami
in the box manual is in their game is in
there everything works perfect the game
is amazing it is one of the best beat'em
ups out there on the genesis so and it's
a worth a good amount don't sell are you
dead but yeah that's it so turtle power
you guys and hopefully we're gonna we're
gonna give you guys more for sure the
more we go on so thank you guys for
supporting us all right so now that you
guys saw that you want to win this is
how you win you need to make a video
just saying like why you want to win and
make it the most creative way possible
you can make a video yourself or write a
poem you can write a song and make a
drawing I'm from Philly it's called
drawing okay and then you can do a dance
like seriously anything you want just
make it creative and send it to us but
you have to hashtag grid gaming so we
can find it because if we can't find it
then you can't win and you also have to
include a link
this video now like you might want to
hide this video because you want to win
but you know it as the more that this
channel grows the cooler stuff you guys
are going to get to win where you can't
we want to do another contest in a
couple weeks we need more subs to give
bigger stuff away so you want to share
it so that way you can win cooler stuff
we're going to keep doing this all the
time and then you owe keep it PG guys no
cursing keep it clean because we want to
share what you guys do so make it like
you know Disney read it and keep it
short and sweet remember Aaron and I
both have a VD so keep in touch and fans
in mind oh and then okay so it's going
to be due next thursday jun 19th by noon
so you guys have one week from today to
do it not 1201 i was teaching one so I'm
strict noon is the due date so make sure
it's and have it in the day before just
so you're safe and we will announce it
on Monday June 23rd so guys just have
fun with it this is cool just have fun
and you can win cool Cup so thanks again
I'm Elizabeth and we'll talk to you soon